And the next section we're going to be creating art here is going to be the fourth section.
And so we are in the professionals and contact us right.
So we go back over here to the next actually a mouse crawled away to the bottom.
Right.
So are you going to say this is going to be the end of an essay project section right projects section
on this.
And then we're going to write and this is going to be filler section or your filler section.
Right and copy and paste this guy whole thing and we're going to say and of and of Us section I don't
know whether we're going to write and this is going to be a section section or here we're going to say
this is going to be a D and this is going to be filler and we're going to call it filler contact like
this and then to have a heading one or here like this and we're going to say we are professionals we
are here are professionals on us.
If only I could just write professionals that would make me really professional.
And here we're going to have a red zoom button and this is going to be type type and button.
And then we're going to have contact us.
You can contact us right so we have.
We are professionals and we we have contact us.
Right.
So we go back to main see assess here we're going to write and this is going to be a few hours.
All right so filler filler contact right.
So really we're just going to say this is going to be filler contact section.
All right.
So we go here and the bottom and let's say we're going to say that first we want to get them back right.
So we are and we know the drill.
We can just go out and actually get ready with a linear background right.
So we just find it somewhere where we already have a linear gradient.
Right.
So we don't need to start everything from scratch.
So I'm going to grab this guy and we're just going to copy this one.
And actually we can use it in our advantage right because the flags boxes also set up.
All right.
So if I right over here this is going to be filler contact here and say I'm going to delete this and
copy and paste this.
Right.
And you can see that I needed my brackets on here and you're right and I was going to happen is that
right away I already set up right.
So filler contact is exactly like we want right now.
There's few things that we don't want which is minimal height.
We don't want any.
Right.
Well actually going to use the padding.
And you can see that we're here just if I can that maybe also we're not going to use the same one.
Let's just say this is going to be a space between right and we don't mean center I mean because this
is going to be very minimal.
Right.
So now that this set up is then let's add a few more hours.
Right here we're going to say that this is going to be a flex wrap.
First of all right because we want on the smaller screens for them to wrap like this.
And then we're going to have a this padding.
We're going to say 60 pixels are going around right.
So something like this.
And then we're also over one is actually line items not not center which is deleted.
We're going to see a line items I don't want to say baseline right because there's going to be a difference.
The button is going to be bigger and the text is going to be smaller.
So we only want it actually to line up of where the text is.
Right.
So then let's start styling or here we have a filler and we're going to have filler contact and heading
one way.
And what should happen is font size we're going to say 30 pixels then we're going to have a text transform.
And this is going to be to uppercase then we're going to have a color.
And so this is going to be hash tag of e 0 e.
And then going up to the B to the B.
And then the next one will have a button.
All right so when I say a filter contact hear here button and then what we're all going to say is this
is going to be font size and that's going to be 30 pixels will have a text transform that's going to
be also 30 right.
I'm sort of apprecate text transform uppercase.
Then once we're done with uppercase we would want a color.
And again we're going to use hash tag e 6 A and E F to like this.
Then we're going to have a border war over here like this and we're going to say this is going to be
a toothpick So to pick so solid and then we're going to have a again the yellow one right.
So I just grabbed this guy over here and pasted this right then we're going to have a padding and pixels.
And this is going to be 15 pixels.
Right.
So two things on this.
And the background is going to be transparent and so background.
And we can just say and this is going to be transparent like this.
Now what we would want to do is maybe create a little bit of margin so we can read or here whether with
a Heading 1.
Right so I can maybe see margin and maybe say margin bottom say like 20 pixels.
Right.
And let's say 10.
I'm just a small margin in the bottom and over here what we would want the last is actually has been
hovering.
So we go here and we just copy this copy right.
And what should happen is background right and background is going to be yellow and the color is going
to be black.
So here we go with the
copy paste and then color hash tag 1 9 1 7 1 6 right.
So now we have this everything is ready set up and we actually can go here and check it out.
It looks like.
So that's the goal here.
And we obviously would need to change the image right.
So we go back over here and we will have a different image.
This would be filler image right.
So let's go back over here.
I'm just going to write this is going to be a filler image and let's say this and let's check it out.
Right.
And you can see I actually didn't find filler image which was probably JP Right.
Or you know like this I say this and you can see that now have image and you can see what this line
item is baseline.
Right.
So it's it's a lining where the text is right.
So it doesn't carry an actual button is bigger.
Right.
It's a lining where it takes this and you can see for centering where I actually use the padding right.
So if the padding is 16:16 on line items baseline right.
So it's going to be exactly the same.
If we got a smaller screen right the moment they start wrapping and they're going to look nice right.
They're not going to be jacked up.
And this is going to be for this video or here that we're in for the next section.